Add IBM Watson parser (#1156)
opsdroid/opsdroid: docs/matchers/watson.md

# IBM Watson Matcher

[IBM Watson](https://www.ibm.com/watson) is an NLP API for matching strings to [intents](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/services/assistant?topic=assistant-intents). Intents are created on your assistant intent page.

## Configuring opsdroid

In order to enable Watson skills, you must specify an `access-token`, an `assistant-id` and a `gateway` for your bot in the parsers section of the opsdroid configuration file.

> You can find these informations inside your Assistant Settings under the `API Details`. Note that depending where your bot is located the gateway will be different, just use this. For example: `gateway-fra`.

Reviewer: You've got `gateway-fra` here and `gateway-fr` further down. Are these both valid?

> You can find these informations inside your Assistant Settings under the `API Details`. Note that depending where your bot is located the gateway will be different, just use this. For example: `gateway-fra`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find this information inside your Assistant Settings under the `API Details`. Note that depending where your bot is located the gateway will be different, just use this. For example: `gateway-fra`.
```

You can also set a `min-score` option to tell opsdroid to ignore any matches which score less than a given number between 0 and 1. The default for this is 0 which will match all messages.

```yaml

parsers:
  - name: watson
    gateway: 'gateway-fr' # Required
    access-token: XJF475SKGITJ98KHFO # Required
    assistant-id: '74yhfhis9-kfirj1e-jfir34-kfdir345' # Required
    min-score: 0.6
```

### Localization

If you want to use Watson on a different language you will have to create different intents and entities to handle the languages that you wish to support.

## Using the parser with a skill

In this example we have a Watson assistant set up with the default Customer Care Sample Skill - this will show you how you can get entities and replies from the assistant and include them with opsdroid.

### [Example 1](#example1)

```python
from opsdroid.skill import Skill
from opsdroid.matchers import match_watson
import logging

_LOGGER = logging.getLogger(__name__)

class MySkill(Skill):
    @match_watson('Customer_Care_Appointments')
    async def book_slot(self, message):
        """Book an appointment"""

>         reply = message.watson['output']['generic'][0]['text']

Reviewer: What is this `reply` object? I see you log it below but don't do anything else with it.

Author: I was planning to do something with the reply but then didn't, will add another example that uses the reply it will make more sense I think

Reviewer: Ok 👍

>         booking_date = message.watson['output']['entities'][0]['value']

Reviewer: Can we use the new entities syntax here in the example?

Author: Do you mean to change it to  `message.raw_parses['watson']` once the `raw_parses` is implemented?

Reviewer: `message.watson['output']['entities'][0]['value']` could be changed to `message.entities['<name>']['value']`
